Updated static and const (#1881)
google/comprehensive-rust: src/user-defined-types/static.md

---
minutes: 5
---

# Static and Const

Static and constant variables are two different ways to create globally-scoped

> values that cannot be moved or reallocated during the execution of the program.

Reviewer: Can you remove this heading? This slide is about statics, and I think this little introductory header is unnecessary clutter.

## `static`

Static variables will live during the whole execution of the program, and
therefore will not move:

```rust,editable
static BANNER: &str = "Welcome to RustOS 3.14";

fn main() {
    println!("{BANNER}");
}
```

As noted in the [Rust RFC Book][1], these are not inlined upon use and have an
actual associated memory location. This is useful for unsafe and embedded code,
and the variable lives through the entirety of the program execution. When a
globally-scoped value does not have a reason to need object identity, `const` is
generally preferred.

<details>

> - `static`, on the other hand, is much more similar to mutable global variable
>   in C++.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `static` is similar to mutable global variables in C++.
```
